Olwa update (#58)
hms-networks/flexy-osisoft-connector: README.md

## [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

1. [General Information](#General-Information)
2. [Getting Started](#Getting-Started)
   1. [Configuration](#Configuration)
   2. [Clock Settings](#Flexy-Clock-Settings)
   3. [Installation](#Installation)
   4. [Running](#Running)
3. [Certificates](#Certificates)
   1. [Generate The Certificate](#generate-the-certificate)
   2. [Install The Certificate On Server](#install-the-certificate-on-server)
   3. [Transfer Certificate To Flexy](#transfer-certificate-to-flexy)
4. [Configuration File](#Configuration-File)
5. [Customizing The Application](#Customizing-the-application)
6. [Tag Configuration](#Tag-Configuration)
7. [OMF Support](#OMF-Support)
8. [OSIsoft Cloud Service](#OSIsoft-Cloud-Service)
9. [JVM Logger](#JVM-Logger)
10. [Troubleshooting Common Issues](#Troubleshooting-common-issues)

## General Information

> The OSIsoft connector makes use of the Flexy's historical logging functionality to send historical data points from a Flexy to OSIsoft PIWebApi. Due to the Flexy using its historical logging feature, up to 900,000 data points will be buffered when a connection to PIWebApi is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OSIsoft connector makes use of the Flexy's historical logging functionality to send historical data points from a Flexy to OSIsoft PIWebApi. The connector utilizes this functionality to buffer up to 900,000 data points when connection to PIWebApi is lost.
```

Reviewer: i think saying "Due to" generally implies a negative connotation.

   
You can now restart your Flexy to restart the Java application. Messages will be sent to your OCS endpoint.

## JVM Logger

> The OSIsoft connector makes use of the [HMS Solution Center logging library](https://github.com/hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib) to ensure all logging follows HMS standards for general connectors.

Reviewer: > all logging follows HMS standards for general connectors

What does that mean?

Author: just saying it uses the library sounded to short haha.
will change to:
The OSIsoft connector makes use of the [HMS Solution Center logging library](https://github.com/hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib)

> To add a different logging level in your configuration file, specify the logging level under the AppConfig object.

Reviewer: saying add a different implies there is a default. Should the default level (if one is not specified in the config) be documented here?

Author: It should not log at all if non is given, so I will add a issue to make 4 the default logging level later. Going to reword this

LoggingLevel is an optional field in the configuration file and is not required by the application to properly run.

> Below is an example of the configuration file set to log out general information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of the configuration file set to log general application state information. See [Log Level](https://github.com/hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib#log-level) for more information.
```

   ```
   {
   "ServerConfig":{
      "IP":"192.168.1.1",
      "WebID":"F1DS4knnwtuIDUC1RLy6XJGV4QREVTS1RPUC0wQ1MyUDFT",

>       "Credentials":"dsZtOnBfdsjklfh==",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "Credentials":"cGFzc3dvcmQ=",
```

   
You can now restart your Flexy to restart the Java application. Messages will be sent to your OCS endpoint.

## JVM Logger

> The OSIsoft connector makes use of the sc-flexy-logger-lib to ensure all logging follows HMS standards for general connectors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OSIsoft connector makes use of the HMS Solution Center logging library (sc-flexy-logger-lib) to ensure all logging follows HMS standards for general connectors.
```

> The OSIsoft connector makes use of the [HMS Solution Center logging library](https://github.com/hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OSIsoft connector uses the [HMS Solution Center logging library](https://github.com/hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib) for application logging to the Ewon Flexy's realtime logs.
```

Reviewer: I think this might clarify what this is doing a little more to the average user.

> To change the logging level in your configuration file, specify the logging level under the AppConfig object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the logging level in the configuration file, specify the logging level under the AppConfig object.
```

Reviewer: 1st person

> To add a different logging level in your configuration file specify the logging level under the AppConfig object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a different logging level in your configuration file, specify the logging level under the AppConfig object.
```

> This is an optional field in the configuration file and is not required by the application to properly run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LoggingLevel is an optional field in the configuration file and is not required by the application to properly run.
```
What is "this"?
